# Auditing Operation
**CloudTrail Logs**

**AWS CloudTrail** is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. 
CloudTrail can be used to record AWS API calls and other activity for your AWS account and save the recorded information to log files in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you choose. 
By default, the log files delivered by CloudTrail to your S3 bucket are encrypted using server-side encryption with Amazon S3–managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).

**AWS CloudTrail** - AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command-line tools, and other AWS services.  
Think **account-specific activity and audit**; think CloudTrail.

**AWS Config** - AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations.
Think **resource-specific history, audit**, and compliance; think Config.

**Amazon CloudWatch** - Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers. CloudWatch provides data and actionable insights to monitor applications, respond to system-wide performance changes, optimize resource utilization, and get a unified view of operational health.

Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service for AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, and set alarms. Amazon CloudWatch can monitor AWS resources such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, and Amazon RDS DB instances, as well as custom metrics generated by your applications and services, and any log files your applications generate.

You can use Amazon CloudWatch to gain system-wide visibility into resource utilization, application performance, and operational health. You can use these insights to react and keep your application running smoothly.

**AWS Systems Manager**

AWS Systems Manager allows you to **centralize operational data from multiple AWS services and automate tasks across your AWS resources**. You can create logical groups of resources such as applications, different layers of an application stack, or production versus development environments.

With Systems Manager, you can select a resource group and view its recent API activity, resource configuration changes, related notifications, operational alerts, software inventory, and patch compliance status. You can also take action on each resource group depending on your operational needs. Systems Manager provides a central place to view and manage your AWS resources, so you can have complete visibility and control over your operations.